Fix potential security issue(s), documentation on minetest.deserialize() (#9369)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

    * Convert a table containing tables, strings, numbers, booleans and `nil`s
      into string form readable by `minetest.deserialize`
    * Example: `serialize({foo='bar'})`, returns `'return { ["foo"] = "bar" }'`
* `minetest.deserialize(string[, safe])`: returns a table
    * Convert a string returned by `minetest.deserialize` into a table
    * `string` is loaded in an empty sandbox environment.
    * Will load functions if safe is false or omitted. Although these functions
      cannot directly access the global environment, they could bypass this

>       restriction with maliciously crafted Lua bytecode.

Reviewer: Is that so? Mod security prevents loading of bytecode.

    * Convert a table containing tables, strings, numbers, booleans and `nil`s
      into string form readable by `minetest.deserialize`
    * Example: `serialize({foo='bar'})`, returns `'return { ["foo"] = "bar" }'`
* `minetest.deserialize(string[, safe])`: returns a table
    * Convert a string returned by `minetest.serialize` into a table
    * `string` is loaded in an empty sandbox environment.
    * Will load functions if safe is false or omitted. Although these functions
      cannot directly access the global environment, they could bypass this
      restriction with maliciously crafted Lua bytecode if mod security is
      disabled.
    * This function should not be used on untrusted data, regardless of the

>       value of safe.

Reviewer 2: > 
```suggestion
      value of safe. It is perfectly fine to serialize then deserialize user-provided data,
      but directly providing user-input to deserialize is not safe.
```

    * Convert a table containing tables, strings, numbers, booleans and `nil`s
      into string form readable by `minetest.deserialize`
    * Example: `serialize({foo='bar'})`, returns `'return { ["foo"] = "bar" }'`
* `minetest.deserialize(string[, safe])`: returns a table
    * Convert a string returned by `minetest.serialize` into a table
    * `string` is loaded in an empty sandbox environment.
    * Will load functions if safe is false or omitted. Although these functions
      cannot directly access the global environment, they could bypass this
      restriction with maliciously crafted Lua bytecode if mod security is
      disabled.
    * This function should not be used on untrusted data, regardless of the
     value of `safe`. It is fine to serialize then deserialize user-provided

>      data, but directly providing user-input to deserialize is not safe.

Reviewer: I kinda don't like the wording here

```suggestion
     data, but directly providing user input to deserialize is always unsafe.
```
